4-hydroxyatomoxetine,0,Metabolite
7-hydroxymethotrexate,0,Metabolite
9-hydroxyrisperidone,679314,Active Ingredient
a 10,0,NAN
a 300,0,NAN
a 7,0,NAN
acarbose,16681,Active Ingredient
acyclovir,281,Active Ingredient
adriamycin,42512,Drug Product
aliskiren,325646,Active Ingredient
alosetron,85248,Active Ingredient
alprazolam,596,Active Ingredient
aminophylline,689,Active Ingredient
amiodarone,703,Active Ingredient
amitriptyline,704,Active Ingredient
amlodipine,17767,Active Ingredient
amoxicillin,723,Active Ingredient
ampicillin,733,Active Ingredient
angiotensinogen,0,NAN
antineoplastic agents,0,NAN
aspirin,1191,Active Ingredient
atazanavir,343047,Active Ingredient
atazanavir sulfate,358299,Active Ingredient
atenolol 100 mg,315436,Active Ingredient
atenolol,1202,Active Ingredient
atomoxetine,38400,Active Ingredient
atomoxetine hydrochloride,353103,Active Ingredient
atorvastatin,83367,Active Ingredient
avandia,261455,Drug Product
azathioprine,1256,Active Ingredient
azithromycin,18631,Active Ingredient
basis,1046801,Drug Product
benzodiazepines,0,NAN
bisoprolol fumarate,142146,Active Ingredient
bosentan,75207,Active Ingredient
caffeine,1886,Active Ingredient
carbamazepine,2002,Active Ingredient
carbamazepine 400 mg,315567,Active Ingredient
carbamazepine epoxide,2002,Active Ingredient
celecoxib,140587,Active Ingredient
chlorpromazine,2403,Active Ingredient
cholestyramine,2447,Active Ingredient
cimetidine,2541,Active Ingredient
cimetidine 400 mg,315680,Active Ingredient
cimetidine 600 mg,332843,Active Ingredient
cisapride,35255,Active Ingredient
cisplatin,2555,Active Ingredient
citalopram,2556,Active Ingredient
citalopram 40 mg,329445,Active Ingredient
clarithromycin,21212,Active Ingredient
clomipramine,2597,Active Ingredient
clonazepam,2598,Active Ingredient
clopidogrel,32968,Active Ingredient
clozapine,2626,Active Ingredient
colestipol,2685,Active Ingredient
conivaptan,302285,Active Ingredient
conivaptan hydrochloride,1294548,Active Ingredient
cortisol,5492,Active Ingredient
coumarin,2898,Active Ingredient
cyclophosphamide,3002,Active Ingredient
cyclosporine,3008,Active Ingredient
dalfopristin,229369,Active Ingredient
dapsone,3108,Active Ingredient
desipramine,3247,Active Ingredient
desmethyldiazepam,3155,Active Ingredient
diazepam,3322,Active Ingredient
didanosine,3364,Active Ingredient
digitalis,91235,Active Ingredient
digitoxin,3403,Active Ingredient
digoxin,3407,Active Ingredient
diltiazem,3443,Active Ingredient
disulfiram,3554,Active Ingredient
doxazosin,49276,Active Ingredient
doxorubicin,3639,Active Ingredient
efavirenz,195085,Active Ingredient
epoprostenol,8814,Active Ingredient
erythromycin,4053,Active Ingredient
esters,0,NAN
ethanol,448,Active Ingredient
ethinyl estradiol,4124,Active Ingredient
felbamate,24812,Active Ingredient
felbatol,224900,Drug Product
fexofenadine,87636,Active Ingredient
fexofenadine hydrochloride 120 mg,997549,Active Ingredient
fexofenadine hydrochloride,236474,Active Ingredient
flecainide,4441,Active Ingredient
fluconazole 100 mg,315935,Active Ingredient
fluconazole 200 mg,315938,Active Ingredient
fluconazole,4450,Active Ingredient
fluconazole 50 mg,315939,Active Ingredient
fluoxetine,4493,Active Ingredient
fluvastatin,41127,Active Ingredient
fluvoxamine,42355,Active Ingredient
fluvoxamine maleate 100 mg,903872,Active Ingredient
fluvoxamine maleate,203143,Active Ingredient
fosamprenavir,358262,Active Ingredient
furosemide,4603,Active Ingredient
ganciclovir,4678,Active Ingredient
gemfibrozil,4719,Active Ingredient
glimepiride,25789,Active Ingredient
glipizide,4821,Active Ingredient
glyburide,4815,Active Ingredient
glycoprotein,0,NAN
hmg-coa,0,NAN
hydrochlorothiazide,5487,Active Ingredient
hypromellose,27334,Active Ingredient
imipramine,5691,Active Ingredient
indinavir,114289,Active Ingredient
insulin,5856,Active Ingredient
isoproterenol,6054,Active Ingredient
itraconazole 200 mg,992412,Active Ingredient
itraconazole,28031,Active Ingredient
ketoconazole,6135,Active Ingredient
lamivudine,68244,Active Ingredient
levodopa,6375,Active Ingredient
levonorgestrel,6373,Active Ingredient
lipitor,153165,Drug Product
lithium carbonate,42351,Active Ingredient
lopinavir,195088,Active Ingredient
lorazepam,6470,Active Ingredient
lotronex,261563,Drug Product
lovastatin,6472,Active Ingredient
luteinizing hormone,6383,Active Ingredient
maalox,29115,Drug Product
magnesium stearate,1310567,Active Ingredient
magnesium trisilicate,29170,Active Ingredient
meperidine,6754,Active Ingredient
mercaptopurine,103,Active Ingredient
mesoridazine,6779,Active Ingredient
metformin,6809,Active Ingredient
methadone,6813,Active Ingredient
methotrexate,6851,Active Ingredient
metoclopramide,6915,Active Ingredient
metoprolol,6918,Active Ingredient
metoprolol succinate,221124,Active Ingredient
metronidazole,6922,Active Ingredient
mexiletine,6926,Active Ingredient
mexiletine hydrochloride,142138,Active Ingredient
midazolam,6960,Active Ingredient
monoamine oxidase inhibitors,0,NAN
naproxen 500 mg,316328,Active Ingredient
n-desmethylatomoxetine,0,Metabolite
nefazodone,31565,Active Ingredient
nelfinavir,134527,Active Ingredient
nifedipine 10 mg,316352,Active Ingredient
nifedipine,7417,Active Ingredient
nisoldipine,7435,Active Ingredient
nitrofurantoin,7454,Active Ingredient
norethindrone,7514,Active Ingredient
normeperidine,0,Metabolite
noroxycodone,0,Metabolite
nortriptyline,7531,Active Ingredient
norverapamil,0,Metabolite
norverapamil,0,NAN
o-desmethylvenlafaxine,0,Metabolite
omeprazole 20 mg,316408,Active Ingredient
omeprazole 40 mg,317451,Active Ingredient
omeprazole,7646,Active Ingredient
oncovin,0,NAN
orlistat,37925,Active Ingredient
oxycodone,7804,Active Ingredient
oxymorphone,7814,Active Ingredient
paclitaxel,56946,Active Ingredient
paroxetine 20 mg,317659,Active Ingredient
paroxetine,32937,Active Ingredient
paroxetine hydrochloride,235830,Active Ingredient
penicillins,0,NAN
phenobarbital,8134,Active Ingredient
phenothiazines,0,NAN
phenytoin,8183,Active Ingredient
pimozide 2 mg,316520,Active Ingredient
pimozide,8331,Active Ingredient
polydextrose,1363053,Active Ingredient
polyethylene glycol,8516,Active Ingredient
povidone,8610,Active Ingredient
pravastatin,42463,Active Ingredient
prazosin,8629,Active Ingredient
prednisone,8640,Active Ingredient
probenecid,8698,Active Ingredient
procaine,8701,Active Ingredient
procarbazine,8702,Active Ingredient
propafenone,8754,Active Ingredient
propoxyphene,8785,Active Ingredient
propranolol,8787,Active Ingredient
quinidine,9068,Active Ingredient
quinidine sulfate,9069,Active Ingredient
quinupristin,229367,Active Ingredient
ramipril,35296,Active Ingredient
ranitidine 150 mg,328494,Active Ingredient
ranitidine,9143,Active Ingredient
repaglinide,73044,Active Ingredient
revatio,581642,Drug Product
reyataz,382467,Drug Product
ribavirin,9344,Active Ingredient
rifampin,9384,Active Ingredient
risperidone,35636,Active Ingredient
ritonavir,85762,Active Ingredient
rosiglitazone,84108,Active Ingredient
rythmol,82079,Drug Product
saquinavir,83395,Active Ingredient
septra,202807,Drug Product
serotonin,1311214,Active Ingredient
sertraline 200 mg,334494,Active Ingredient
sertraline,36437,Active Ingredient
sildenafil,136411,Active Ingredient
simvastatin,36567,Active Ingredient
simvastatin 40 mg,316674,Active Ingredient
simvastatin acid,36567,Active Ingredient
sirolimus,35302,Active Ingredient
stavudine,59763,Active Ingredient
sulfinpyrazone,10205,Active Ingredient
synercid,135097,Drug Product
tacrine,10318,Active Ingredient
tacrolimus,42316,Active Ingredient
tenofovir disoproxil fumarate,322248,Active Ingredient
terfenadine,42330,Active Ingredient
theophylline,10438,Active Ingredient
thiazide diuretics,0,NAN
thioridazine,10502,Active Ingredient
thymidine,1372538,Active Ingredient
tizanidine,57258,Active Ingredient
tolbutamide,10635,Active Ingredient
trazodone,10737,Active Ingredient
triacetin,10756,Active Ingredient
triazolam,10767,Active Ingredient
triptans,0,NAN
tryptophan,10898,Active Ingredient
valproate,40254,Active Ingredient
venlafaxine,39786,Active Ingredient
venlafaxine 50 mg,328800,Active Ingredient
venlafaxine hydrochloride,235988,Active Ingredient
verapamil,11170,Active Ingredient
verapamil hydrochloride,203138,Active Ingredient
vindesine,11204,Active Ingredient
voriconazole,121243,Active Ingredient
warfarin,11289,Active Ingredient
zidovudine,11413,Active Ingredient
zonisamide,39998,Active Ingredient
